=== CATEGORY: Machine Learning ===
What if it turned users into participants?
Think about a system in which the user doesn't have a passive role. Activate them by making them part of the process.

What if its performance changed depending on the context?
Think about an intelligent system that behaves differently depending on the month, weather or situation.

What if it expanded your knowledge?
Think about teaching people about certain things. We can learn from machines. Amazing times.

What if it had full knowledge on a subject?
Think about entering all the knowledge available about your topic into the system. You can pull data from Wikipedia, other services or even your own company.

What if it could connect to other systems?
Think about connecting it to other services that use public or private data. For example, the weather forecast.

What if it made better decisions than humans?
Think about our prejudices, egos, incoherences and human error. Make something that can avoid humanity's failings.

What if it avoided future problems?
Think about predicting situations that may happen in the future. It could learn from past situations.

What if it behaved like a machine?
Think about making the distinction very clear. Don't try to fake its humanity. It's a machine and hat's totally fine.

What if it did something unexpected?
Think about an intelligent system that's trained to surprise people. Make it a nice surprise.

What if it could manage multiple goals at the same time?
Think about solving different problems with the same service.

What if it was invisible to the user?
Think about a service you interact with, without being aware of it.

What if it worked 24/7?
Think about being always on. Machines don't need to rest, so maybe there is a way you can have a service up and running all day long.

What if it acted as a personal assistant?
Think about helping humans with their tasks and agendas.

What if it automated the boring parts?
Think about avoiding dull tasks. Give them to computers.

What if it learned from the past?
Think about things that have already happened. You could gather nformation to learn from success and mistakes.

What if it understood details?
Think about sophistication. A service that could understand technicalities which, can end up making all the difference.

What if it used minimal input?
Think about using the minimum amount of information possible. Don't over complicate things by overloading it with data.

What if it took the grey areas into consideration?
Think about a machine that knows the world is not black or white. Teach it to identify nuances and grey areas.

What if it reacted to voice commands?
Think about using sound input. It doesn't have to be just voice, it could also react to certain noises.

What if it reacted to non-verbal communication?
Think about using other elements like body language. A service could learn to read people's gestures, what they're wearing or the rhythm of their breath.

What if it learned from the context?
Think about analysing what is going on around you or your project. It could adapt to situations or propose new ways of facing changes.

What if it learned from the competition?
Think about following what others do right and wrong so you can learn from it. Don't consider it spying, it's more like. getting inspiration. Right?

What if it looked for facts?
Think about having a system that could quickly fact-check different data or situations.

What if it looked for patterns?
Think about identifying similar circumstances that repeat over time and can be helpful to categorise clients, problem types or potential opportunities.

What if it built trust?
Think about building a relationship that people can rely on.

What if it could fix misunderstandings?
Think about detecting confusing situations and solving them.

What if it custom-built things for every person?
Think about personalising something for individual users. Take their context into account. Use a person's tastes to find the right fit.

What if it learned from humans in real time?
Think about having a system that can learn by watching people do the job first. Get it to analyse how we behave and solve problems.

What if it could follow trails?
Think about tracing the origin of problems. Or use it to track processes.

What if it corrected errors?
Think about detecting common mistakes. Like a grammar service that corrects you automatically.

What if it could look around corners?
Think about how it could calculate and offer different contexts according to diverse inputs. For example, it could show you how a decision could affect you in the future.

What if it mastered something difficult for humans?
Think about training an intelligent system. We, humans, learn slowly, but a computer can quickly figure out how to beat human chess players.

What if it helped people focus?
Think about helping people to concentrate instead of distracting them. Use an intelligent system to reduce unnecessary noise.

What if it optimised a process?
Think about automating a repetitive task.

What if it created a sense of control?
Think about making people feel they are safe and in control. Let them know they'll get what they're looking for.

What if it made something fair to all individuals?
Think about justice. Use machine learning to make the world a bit better place. Look for equality.

What if it did what's best for everybody?
Think about choosing the option that's most beneficial for a whole group. It's not about individuals, but rather the wellness of the community.

What if it observed people's reactions?
Think about a service that focused on seeing how people react to a certain situation. For example, when they use a product/service.

What if it imitated human thought?
Think about copying the way we approach situations. Give a human touch to the service.

What if it acted as a support for people?
Think about offering a helping hand in any problematic time a user might face using a particular service.

What if it replaced your boss?
Think about having an intelligent system that takes the role of your boss or team's leadership. Some people would be very happy to see that happening.

What if it was a joy to interact with?
Think about a service people could fall in love with. That's right, like the movie "Her" but without hiring Scarlett Johansson.

What if it learned from people's networks?
Think about connecting different inputs and data from your community. Learn from your colleagues, users or friends.

What if it could understand people's psychologies?
Think about having detailed knowledge of people's behaviours and ways of thinking. Use it to offer each of them the perfect solution.

What if it allowed people to overcome human limitations?
Think about helping people to do something they can't. For example, enabling them to do more than one thing at a time.

What if it decentralised decisions?
Think about moving decisionmaking closer to where it has an impact. It'll speed up processes.

What if it could detect bias?
Think about using machine learning to identify prejudices and fix potential discrimination issues.

What if it could interact with many people at the same time?
Think about simultaneously engaging with multiple users. Don't leave anyone waiting. Automate responses and conversations.

What if it generated options?
Think about a service that offers multiple options according to data. For example, it could help users with their decision-making by suggesting alternatives.

What if it made something more accessible?
Think about improving a product/ service/process by enabling more people to use it.

What if it took logical decisions?
Think about taking cold decisions driven by data. Machines are usually good at that.

What if it generated more data?
Think about using an intelligent system to create new information based on the user's situation.

What if it made things understandable?
Think about a service that clarifies doubts and explains complex processes.

What if you traced analogue data?
Think about gathering information from non-digital interactions. Not everything is about the Internet.

What if it undertook an action automatically?
Think about liberating time from a particular person or role. Automate some of the actions that a person would normally have to do.

What if it only showed true or false?
Think about measuring facts. Classify statements according to if they're true or false.

What if it measured satisfaction?
Think about ways it could detect people's reactions to your product, service or in particular situations.

What if the output was a number?
Think about a system that only talks in numbers.

What if the output was a data visualisation?
Think about turning data into something that balances complexity and usability. Not everything is about numbers and cold facts.

What if it created expertise?
Think about an intelligent system that gives data and knowledge to someone so they can become an expert on something.

=== CATEGORY: Social Media Strategy ===
What if you asked awkward questions?
Think about discussing a topic that makes your audience feel uncomfortable. Maybe this is the time for your audience to feel less alone in that situation.

What if you reduce your messages to the essence?
Think about communicating what you need to say with a clear structure. Forget all the fancy words and neat twists.

What if you told stories in an extended way?
Think about breaking your storyline that takes your audience to another medium. Continue the storyline from your Instagram video to your blog, for example.

What if you told a story that never ends?
Think about sharing a story that can go on for a long period of time. There are some things that just never end.

What if you criticised yourself?
Think about how it would benefit your audience when you share your good and not so good sides in an honest way.

What if you show your more human side?
Think about showing your ordinary and mundane parts of your life. You are human after all.

What if you took your principles to the extreme?
Think about creating a movement that your audience will stand by. Go hard or go home.

What if you comment on the news from your perspective?
Think about how you're truly feeling with what's happening across the world. Let your audience hear what you have to say.

What if you were silent?
Think about taking the time to not say anything at all. Silence is golden as they say.

What if your username played with your intentions?
Think about creating a username that points out your aim. Be concise.

What if you got into other people's conversations?
Think about interfering in a conversation without permission. Conversations create connections.

What if you were more authentic?
Think about showing parts of you that your audience doesn't normally see. Stay true to yourself by sharing honest and valid content.

What if you bet on the underdogs?
Think about supporting the misfits and risky ideas. See where it can lead you to.

What if you talked about the least "beautiful" parts?
Think about using your "ugly" parts to break down walls. There's beauty within the beast.

What if it was hard to find you?
Think about making your audience take the extra time to figure out where you are. Get them hungry to find out what the fuss is all about.

What if you troll your competition?
Think about deliberately making controversial comments discussed by your competition. Use jokes to your advantage.

What if you communicated through your likes?
Think about the sort of content that your audience immediately has to respond with "likes". It is another form of knowing if they're engaged with you or not.

What if you went by your own hashtag?
Think about a message that identifies with you. Rhyme it or relate to an inside joke that makes it special to your audience.

What if your bio said everything there is to know about you?
Think about putting all the necessary information your audience needs in order to understand who you are and what you do.

What if you answered the questions of others?
Think about helping people out without them anticipating it. A little kindness goes a long way.

What if you alter reality?
Think about changing the state of how your audience views their daily life. Have them decide whether to take the blue or red pill.

What if you focus on a good cause?
Think about creating something to contribute to the good of society. You're not just a platform - you're also a community.

What if you hid Easter eggs?
Think about hiding references or inside jokes that your audience can spot and connect with. Give them something to get excited about, as the Disney easter eggs do!

What if you only published once and never did it again?
Think about this being the last time you're sharing a particular content to the world. Make something you'll be happy and satisfied with after your goodbyes.

What if you didn't focus on selling anything?
Think about praising others instead. Make it a moment to share with your audience on the things that could add value to their lives.

What if you were to help out?
Think about creative ways you can help people with any difficulties they may be facing. Be their first aid kit to their problems.

What if the content was specifically developed for each medium?
Think about what sort of features you'll need to develop your content. Find tools that can help elevate and simplify the process.

What if you adapted to the day of the year?
Think about making something that ties to local or international holidays. It could also be days that reflect your goals of the year.

What if you left participation open?
Think about getting your audience involved in something you're working on. The more the merrier.

What if users decided the next steps?
Think about letting your audience choose their own path. Give them a variety of adventures.

What if your account was private?
Think about staying away from the public at all cost. Make it exclusive to get them curious.

What if you connected several accounts with each other?
Think about linking your accounts in a cohesive way. Take this opportunity to provide access and information that your audience can't resist following wherever you are online.

What if you represented yourself through real people?
Think about what sort of people your audience relates to. Inspire them and let them know that there are others just like them.

What if you asked your audience for help?
Think about reaching out to your audience and having them help you solve a problem. It's ok to ask for help once in a while.

What if you gave permission to only a few?
Think about restricting the opportunity for them to be a part of your circle. Only your audience with VIP passes can enter for example.

What if you connect with what happens in real-time?
Think about connecting your content with events that are happening in the media.

What if you mistreat your audience?
Think about treating your audience in an unfair manner. Poke the bear a little and you might just get something positive out of it.

What if you showed your vulnerable side?
Think about getting personal on the things that people can really relate to. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.

What if you generate confusion?
Think about creating uncertainty with what's happening. Have them exercise their problem-solving skills.

What if you didn't bite your tongue?
Think about saying whatever comes to your mind, without withholding yourself. Let it go!

What if you focused on entertaining?
Think about providing an amusing and enjoyable experience for your audience. Put on a show!

What if you raised controversial topics?
Think about relevant topics that are difficult to talk about. It may seem uncomfortable at first but it will be worthwhile.

What if you focused on connecting only with a niche?
Think about the core that makes you special and focus on that. Show your audience that there is no one else like you.

What if you communicated with memes?
Think about an idea that can humorously relate to your audience's behaviour. Let it spread like wildfire.

What if you were a rebel?
Think about going against the rules and authority. Be the opposite of what society expects of you.

What if you organized a big prank?
Think about creating a joke on someone without them knowing. Give your audience a good laugh!

What if you offered your content in collections?
Think about gathering your content and compiling them together, based on a theme. Share a collection of floating plastic bags videos, for example.

What if you mixed a variety of media channels?
Think about what sort of platform(s) that can add value to you and your audience. There are many opportunities to communicate with your audience.

What if you offered a service to your audience?
Think about what you can do for your audience. Create something that serves a purpose to your users.

What if your users made the content?
Think about giving the audience the opportunity to tell you what they want to get out of you. It's not just about what you want to share anyway.

What if your product was not present?
Think about communicating without revealing your physical product. Find your own narrative without showing what you sell.

What if you used an alternative channel?
Think about a platform that's the total opposite of what your audience sees you in. Give them what they're not expecting from you.

What if someone took over your channel?
Think about letting someone else take part and share content with your audience. Let your audience see you with fresh eyes.

What if the content was a tool?
Think about ways to share messages that can help solve problems your audience may be facing. Help untangle their lives.

What if you did not seek transcendence to what you communicate?
Think about communicating in a simple manner. Sometimes being straightforward is good enough.

What if you told a story with hashtags?
Think about using an ironic hashtag as part of crafting your new narrative. Find something that'll make them #LOL.

What if you were revealing content little by little?
Think about planning a new type of content that's worth exploring from time to time for your audience. Dive into the unknown and see what you can find.

What if your daily life continued online?
Think about sharing your routine to your audience. Let them know the good details that are rarely shared online.

What if your channel was empty?
Think about your platform as a blank canvas. This is your chance to start from scratch - do anything you want with your channel.

=== CATEGORY: Brand Strategy ===
What if you shouted louder than anyone else?
Think about raising your voice. Make yourself sound louder than anyone else. Create a firm tone of voice.

What if you knew you were right about everything?
Think about acting with confidence, even more self-confidence than Kanye West. Imagine how this will affect the way you behave.

What if you used a catchphrase?
Think about using a word or short phrase as part of your personality. Repeat it all the time.

What if you did things without expecting anything in return?
Think about being generous. Don't be selfish, and do good things without expecting any reactions.

What if you grew old?
Think about getting wiser all the time. Maybe it's time to act mature.

What if you had many voices?
Think about a personality distortion. Create a dialogue with yourself. Change your tone of voice depending on the context.

What if you couldn't speak?
Think about alternative ways of communication. Use only emojis or sounds.

What if your message was universal?
Think about summing up your mission into something that everyone can understand. Transcend frontiers. Find a global message.

What if your brand became obsessed?
Think about going all in. No middle ground. Have a goal in mind and follow it completely. Imagine how it would affect all your communications and behaviors.

What if you focused on highlighting what makes you different?
Think about expressing your uniqueness. Your true self. Show how special you are.

What if you had to define yourself not through your products/services?
Think about going beyond the commercial side. List your values and your beliefs.

What if you talked through your customers?
Think about using your users as ambassadors. Let them spread the word about you.

What if a famous person represented you?
Think about who that person would be. Describe his or her values and how they relate to you and your brand.

What if you had to simplify your vision to the minimum?
Think about explaining it to a six-year-old child. It has to be so simple that fits in a sentence.

What if you were always ready for an emergency?
Think about being always-on. No one and no problem will catch you out of guard.

What if you genuinely cared about people?
Think about kindness, but not like Mark Zuckerberg says Facebook cares about people. Feel it for real.

What if you always expected success?
Think about positivity as a driving force. Always strive for success in everything you do. The best is yet to come.

What if you didn't see things as right or wrong?
Think about going beyond binary thinking. See the greys. Show that your brand understands the complexity of the times in which we live.

What if the whole world was your canvas?
Think about spreading your message everywhere. Every single channel could be a place to express yourself.

What if your door was always open?
Think about a brand that is always open for new opportunities and discussions. Reserve space for them.

What if you were a feedback junkie?
Think about finding out what your customers think. Open channels to listen to them. Make them feel you care.

What if you were an expert in small talk?
Think about the most basic and mainstream level of conversation. Comment on mundane things. Nice weather, right?

What if your staff represented your brand?
Think about making them your ambassadors. Make sure they feel happy and they align with your values.

What if it was okay not to be liked by everyone?
Think about doing your thing and don't care about haters. Act freely.

What if you spoke the language of your audience?
Think about using the terms, channels, and technologies your audience uses. Be one of them.

What if you started a gang?
Think about whom you want around you. Hang out with people who represent you.

What if you skipped forward 20 years?
Think about the future. Imagine how your brand will evolve in time. If you are planning to make something stay for 20 more years, it had better be worth it.

What if you made yourself noticeable all the time?
Think about making it clear when you are in the room. Don't be shy. Ideate ways of catching people's attention.

What if you focused on what you think is the least important?
Think about the small details. Make sure you improve even the tiny things that aren't your priority at the moment.

What if you had to stop one thing your brand is doing right now?
Think about self-reflecting. Be critical of yourself and stop whatever is wrong at the moment.

What if you turned the main problem into your best opportunity?
Think about flipping things around. Make your weakness your strength.

What if you had a superpower?
Think about that thing you can do and others can't. Value it.

What if you were your customers' best friend?
Think about being so close to your users that you'll turn out best bros. Imagine how you can gain their trust and friendship.

What if you talked multiple languages?
Think about mixing languages. Start a sentence in English, and finish it in Español.

What if there were no secrets between you and your audience?
Think about transparency. Share everything with people.

What if you didn't care about making mistakes?
Think about being brave. Let your brand experiment. Imagine how this will change the way you act and communicate.

What if you never let anyone down?
Think about creating the best customer support ever. Be there whenever someone needs you.

What if you had only one job?
Think about focusing on just one thing. Turn your brand into an expert on something. Be the best at that.

What if every context changed you?
Think about adapting to any situation. Merge with the context. Act like a chameleon.

What if you were nothing without others?
Think about gratitude. Depend on people. Discuss who deserves your love and express it. You are nothing without them.

What if you followed your own vision of the future?
Think about giving zero f***s about trends. Push for the future in which you believe. It's only you who knows. The rest are wrong.

What if you trusted people?
Think about giving everyone a chance. Trust they'll do good. Imagine how this might change your behaviors.

What if it came to life?
Think about your brand as a living thing. Imagine it as a living organism.

What if you started conversations?
Think about your brand as a conversation starter. Don't push messages in one direction. Ask people things. Try to interact.

What if you only showed up at the right moments?
Think about talking simply when it's relevant, when you have something to contribute. The rest of the time, just shut up.

What if you revisited a convention you are following?
Think about all the rules we follow just because everyone does, from working hours to the use of social media. Rethink one of them and do it your way.

What if you celebrated what you already achieved?
Think about appreciating the effort you put in to get where you are. Even if you're just starting the project, you probably had to walk a long way to this point.

What if you defined what kind of people you'll hire?
Think about your potential employees. They'll have a significant impact on your brand. Define yourself through the people you want to work with.

What if you defined success beyond numbers?
Think about what you want to achieve. Don't think about selling stuff and making money. There are more things out there.

What if you launched a new product/service?
Think about opening possibilities. Your brand is constantly evolving. Create new opportunities for it.

What if you focused on the most urgent step?
Think about priorities. Decide what needs to be fixed first, and do it.

What if you acted as a servant?
Think about having a helper mindset. You'll do everything to support people.

What if you picked up a fight?
Think about an issue you really care about and fight to change it. It could be political or maybe a social problem.

What if you included people in the decisions you take?
Think about making your audience or employees part of your decision-making process. Think of them like they are part of your company.

What if you treated your clients like partners?
Think about switching terms. Place yourself on the same level. Think of every sale as a collaboration, not a purchase.

What if you surprised your audience?
Think about including cool surprises in your relationship with your target audience. Treat them with something when they least expect it.

What if you contributed to a better society?
Think about whether you can do something good for the world. It doesn't have to be a big thing. Details matter too.

What if happiness was your ultimate goal?
Think about creating a positive environment and feeling proud of what you do. Imagine how it would affect your brand's behavior. The money will come later.

What if you had an enemy?
Think about someone or something that represents precisely the opposite of what you believe, like what Apple did with Microsoft back in the days.

What if you had to attract the best talent?
Think about how your brand should behave, act, and be seen if you want to get attention from the best people out there.

=== CATEGORY: Business Design ===
What if you challenged the main consumption trend for your business?
Think about finding alternatives. If your industry relies on retail, build an e-commerce site.

What if you decreased risk to zero?
Think about ways to erase uncertainty.

What if your business could be a self-service?
Think about how IKEA makes its customer do part of the job.

What if your customers didn't own your product?
Think about the new sense of property, for example, how you don't need to own the mp3 to pay for a music service.

What if you entirely focused on what makes you different?
Think about going all in. Be 100% loyal to the thing that makes you unique. Make it obvious.

What if your users invested in the product itself?
Think about not only money but time and effort. You are less likely to switch from Spotify to Apple Music because you already have all your playlists there.

What if your business was a platform?
Think about connecting as a service. Link people, business, and brands, like Airbnb or Dribble.

What if you could only launch one extra thing per year?
Think about making priorities. Imagine the first extra feature you would get out there.

What if you fixed the broken parts first?
Think about improving what you have instead of launching new features.

What if you created an ecosystem?
Think about building products or services around your existing ones, just as Apple does.

What if you made your business as flexible as possible?
Think about making your core business adaptable to changes, as resilient as you can.

What if you had to make your company the best place to work?
Think about creating a happier workplace so your people won't ever want to leave. Retain the talent.

What if your organization was self-organised?
Think about a nimble structure where the staff can make decisions themselves.

What if you gave back part of your revenue?
Think about giving something in return. It doesn't have to be money.

What if you launched a bread-and-butter product?
Think about creating one cheap and straightforward product or service that would get constant revenue.

What if you re-thought your pricing?
Think about running small tests on how much your audience would be willing to pay for your product.

What if you had add-ons?
Think about Ryanair and how they sell cheap tickets with premium features.

What if you had to charge the same price for all your products?
Think about how flat pricing could fit your business.

What if your main revenue came from what powers the product?
Think about the Nespresso case. The primary product is quite cheap, but the machines are expensive.

What if you built an MVP?
Think about prototyping the minimum viable product for your business. Simplify it to its core.

What if your product had to be free?
Think about Facebook. Find a way to earn money even when your users don't pay for your product.

What if you cut out the middleman?
Think about managing the whole process yourself. Don't depend on an intermediary.

What if your core business wasn't relevant anymore?
Think about how Kodak had to change its core business. Find ways to improve your business if that happens to you too.

What if you depend on just yourself?
Think about ways of producing all the value in-house, from start to end.

What if you took your business 100% digital?
Think about transforming the context in which your business happens.

What if your service was available 24/7?
Think about being always there when people need you, like Apple's flagship store in NYC. It never closes.

What if you monetized data produced internally?
Think about getting value from your metrics.

What if you had to run with fewer resources?
Think about the essential parts and the secondary ones, but please, don't fire anyone; this is just to make you reflect.

What if the visible and invisible parts of your business worked seamlessly?
Think about making the front and backstage of your business work perfectly together, from shipping to storage and website.

What if you teamed up with another player?
Think about creating meaningful collaborations with other companies, for example, Netflix and Pizza Hut. They go perfectly together.

What if you had ten times more resources?
Think about the possibilities that would open. Imagine where you would want to grow. It may lead you to exciting new opportunities for the future.

What if you launched something for your secondary market?
Think about focusing on your second best customer.

What if you franchised it?
Think about opening your business to others.

What if your service was only available on certain days?
Think about adding a time frame to your offer. Make it limited and exclusive.

What if you promoted cross-functional teams?
Think about the power of collaboration.

What if you encouraged loyalty to your customers?
Think about giving them reasons to come back and stay with you.

What if you white label your product?
Think about offering your service to other companies.

What if you complimented your digital and physical offer?
Think about offering both options. Make them coexist.

What if you balanced a local and global mindset?
Think about keeping both perspectives.

What if your business entered the public sector?
Think about offering a public value.

What if your business changed the offering model?
Think about focusing on serving other businesses instead of selling to the mass public or vice versa. Swap from B2B to B2C.

What if your users could name the price?
Think about being open with your business model. Let your users decide on how much they want to pay.

What if all your competitors copied you?
Think about a scenario where you couldn't register your idea. Find a way of maintaining your business.

What if you re-used everything you produce?
Think about making your business circular. Don't waste anything you produce.

What if you could move to opportunities immediately?
Think about having a structure, team, and business that would allow you to move quickly.

What if you divided your company into different brands?
Think about making each service or product a company itself. Create a niche offering.

What if you had to test your assumptions?
Think about a quick experiment to prove you are right about your idea. List all the vital things you'll need. Make it or break it.

What if you were conscious of the environment?
Think about the planet. Be responsible for the trace you leave.

What if your pricing could be transparent and adaptable?
Think about offering an honest approach. You could offer different prices depending on status, background or intention.

What if you kept it small?
Think about staying at a manageable size. You don't always need to grow.

What if your offering was timeless?
Think about creating something that doesn't depend on seasons, something that never gets old, like the watches that pass from generation to generation.

What if you got closer to your customers?
Think about establishing deeper relationships with your users.

What if you made everything transparent?
Think about sharing your secrets. Honesty is a crucial value for customers nowadays.

What if you charged for a subscription?
Think about getting a fee now and then, instead of one-time payments.

What if you had to reduce costs?
Think about saving money by making your service more efficient. Review your processes.

What if you made your offering exclusive?
Think about charging more for your products/services in exchange for an added value.

What if you came up in your users' daily life in a meaningful way?
Think about ways of being more relevant for your users every day. Be present in their routine.

What if your added value was emotional?
Think about using emotions as a positive and unique value to your business.

What if you offered a free taste?
Think about hooking your users with something they can try before they buy.

What if the business could run itself?
Think about automating as much as you can. Don't do everything from scratch every time.

=== CATEGORY: Campaign ===
What if the idea sparked conversations?
Think about how you could make a controversial solution. Make people talk about it.

What if you created something fake?
Think about creating a fake product/service/ad that is shocking and will drive awareness. Something that is a bit too weird to be real.

What if you only had one hour?
Think about what you can build in just one hour. From ideation to delivery to launch. Feel the rush.

What if you only used words?
Think about only verbal communication. No images or illustrations. Solve the problem with just words.

What if the idea had to be extremely easy?
Think about the least complicated solution ever. No more than one step. Make it super simple.

What if you couldn't use design at all?
Think about how you could present a solution with no design. Nothing. Don't even think about using Helvetica.

What if you couldn't use any digital tools?
Think about an analogue world. No high-tech, no internet.

What if the idea was luxurious?
Think about the most expensive and exclusive solution you can imagine. It has to be crazy premium.

What if the idea was suitable for everyone in the world?
Think about a solution that could work on a universal scale. No matter the gender, ethnicity or age.

What if you used emojis?
Think about how an emoji could solve your problem.

What if the idea was disposable?
Think about ideas that can be used only once. After that, you just throw them away.

What if you built a pop up space?
Think about what it would sell/show and how that could solve the problem. It could also be a digital space.

What if you combined digital and traditional?
Think about mixing these two worlds in just one. Like a magazine with a digital cover.

What if people had to come back daily to the idea?
Think about offering daily exercises, different rewards or giving something for the people to use every day.

What if you involved young talents?
Think about how you could engage upcoming artists, designers and musicians.

What if the idea was a how-to manual?
Think about creating a step-by-step guide. Use IKEA manuals as a reference. Make it easy to understand.

What if you challenged a common perception about your problem?
Think about existing prejudices towards your problem. Show another angle.

What if you used a funny tone of voice?
Think about ways of making fun of something. Joke about your problem. Joke about the idea itself.

What if you approached the problem emotionally?
Think about how to add a lot of deep feelings to the way you solve the problem. Everything is a drama.

What if you played with colour?
Think about using colour to your benefit. Maybe it's about illustrations. Or creating a colour code. Or maybe it's about colour therapy.

What if the idea happened in public spaces?
Think about bringing your ideas to the streets and public buildings. Use big places.

What if you beautified a negative part of your problem?
Think about using your problem as something good, something beautiful. Find beauty in everything.

What if you could only use images?
Think about communicating with just figures, photos and illustrations. No words. Make the idea expressive and suggestive.

What if you sent the opposite?
Think about communicating the exact opposite of what you are supposed to say. Use negativity to your benefit.

What if you used a metaphor?
Think about a comparison that could help your problem. Exaggerate as much as you want.

What if you made a quiz?
Think about asking questions and making your idea a competition. Be as simple/complex as you want to be.

What if the idea had to scale globally?
Think about a solution that can be applied anywhere. Pack it universally.

What if the idea answered questions?
Think about doubts that arise from your problem or from life in general. Help resolving them.

What if the idea was collaborative?
Think about ways of solving your problem by connecting with other people. Involve other parties.

What if the idea simplified a process?
Think about improving the how. Sometimes, the only thing a good idea needs is to work effortlessly.

What if the value lied in the visual part?
Think about UX/UI, design and aesthetic. Good ideas need to look good, too.

What if you used a serious tone of voice?
Think about ways of solving your problem with a very formal attitude. Everything has to be strict and correct.

What if the access to the idea was limited?
Think about restricting the number of people that can use the solution. Create expectations.

What if a hashtag could solve it all?
Think about a social media movement that could engage and gain support. Make it catchy and relevant.

What if you solved last minute problems?
Think about the classic attitude of leaving tasks and decisions for the last moment. Find ways of helping out in situations where there is no time left.

What if the value lied in storytelling?
Think about building a good story around your idea. Tell it in a new way, make it engaging and relevant.

What if you offered freebies?
Think about giving out free things. I know it's a classic, but it usually works.

What if you challenged people's beliefs?
Think about changing the mind of people by questioning a common belief. Show ways of convincing them.

What if you used quotes?
Think about inspirational sentences from famous people. Use them to impress your audience.

What if the idea was based on rewards?
Think about ways of rewarding your audience for using your solution. Give them points, prices or status.

What if the idea was extremely cheap to produce?
Think about spending as little money as possible to produce the idea.

What if the idea was a challenge?
Think about setting a task for your target group. You could make it collaborative like the Ice Bucket Challenge, or just a global competition.

What if the idea was super local?
Think about finding a solution that could only work in a specific location. Use the local culture.

What if you used influencers?
Think about including social media stars in your idea. Use them to spread the word or increase your reputation.

What if you valued imperfection?
Think about showing that perfection doesn't exist. Imperfection can be seen as something that makes us different and human.

What if you turned something difficult into something easy?
Think about the hard parts of your problem. Make them easy for people and turn them to your advantage.

What if the idea was about kindness?
Think about being nice and spreading love around the world with your idea.

What if the idea couldn't be seen?
Think about using other forms that are not visual. You can use taste, smell, sounds and any other invisible thing.

What if you didn't show the author of your idea?
Think about keeping the client/author secret and non-obvious. Play with the mystery.

What if you made fun of stereotypes?
Think about being humorous about cliches.

What if you used opposites?
Think about bringing two different perspectives to your idea. Make extremes connect and show their similarities.

What if you had no limitation to create the best idea possible?
Think about forgetting budget, corporate restrictions and other elements that constrain you. Create without limits.

What if the idea was a lottery?
Think about randomising rewards. Pick people by luck and blame the Gods.

What if you made use of a subcultural movement?
Think about taking an underground culture as a reference. Goths, punks, anarchists, surfers, skaters, gamers ... you name it.

What if you had to impress people?
Think about a wow factor. Make them speechless.

What if the value lied in being original?
Think about making something genuine and true. Make it your priority.

What if you focused on the opposite target group?
Think about changing your audience to the other extreme. If you are targeting young people, focus on old people instead.

What if the value lied in the content?
Think about creating relevant content for your audience. From stories to think pieces and editorials. Everything that could be useful for them.

What if you encouraged people to think differently?
Think about giving value to individuality. Help your target group to build their own personality and to not get influenced by others.

What if the idea got people hooked?
Think about creating an addiction to your idea. Make it so they have to use it all the time, always coming back for more.

=== CATEGORY: Conversion ===
What if you drew attention to the benefits?
Think about focusing on the good things that the person will experience. Let people realise how they will benefit from it.

What if you gave a surprising reward?
Think about something the person won't be expecting. It doesn't have to be tangible, you can play with emotions too.

What if you offered a free trial?
Think about letting people try it before they buy it. Give a small sample or taster to get them hooked or at least intrigued.

What if you reduced the hassle to the minimum?
Think about making it as easy and risk-free as possible. Convince your audience that there are no cons for this option.

What if you gave some emotional assurance?
Think about supporting your users emotionally. Clear their doubts by showing empathy.

What if you pointed out a secondary benefit?
Think about making people see positive consequences they might not be aware of.

What if you exceeded expectations through a small gesture?
Think about adding a little something that was not promised or specified. Put a smile on people's faces.

What if you offered a default?
Think about reducing decision-making stress by offering pre-selected options.

What if you gave points?
Think about a loyalty programme. Give your customers rewards, badges and status. The better they do, the more they'll get.

What if you made something feel scarce?
Think about conveying the feeling that time is running out. Like when you are about to book a hotel and you' re told there's only one room left.

What if you limited access?
Think about making it seem exclusive, not for everyone. We all love to feel special.

What if you made people believe they deserve it?
Think about making them feel good about treating themselves. Help them to see they are making the right decision.

What if you cleared up any doubts?
Think about reducing uncertainty. We all have questions about everything, anticipate them and provide an early answer.

What if you appealed to the senses?
Think about creating a sensorial experience. Unleash the power of sight, sound, smell, touch and taste. Combine two or more if possible.

What if you allowed people to make their own choices?
Think about giving them freedom to do things their way. No default settings. Complete power.

What if you helped the person feel less guilty?
Think about reducing the stress of making certain decisions. Some choices are emotionally charged.

What if you broke down the experience into levels?
Think about video games. They show the gamer's progress by dividing the story into different levels and worlds.

What if you gave it some personality?
Think about adding emotion and personality to a dull process, event or product. Surprise people with a human approach.

What if you could do something good for people?
Think about being properly nice or helpful. Do or provide something without asking anything in return.

What if you favour choices that work better for you?
Think about highlighting the most desirable outcome. Give people freedom to choose but nudge them your way.

What if you offered different options for different groups?
Think about explicitly showing what options different people might prefer to choose. Like when you go to a restaurant an they offer you vegan selections.

What if you made it very direct?
Think about skipping any unnecessary details. Cut straight to the essence.

What if you dramatised what the person might lose?
Think about the fear of missing out. Get people to consider what they would miss out on if they don't seize this opportunity.

What if people could personalise it themselves?
Think about giving them the option of adding a detail that makes it unique and special for the person or a loved one.

What if you altered the order?
Think about changing the conventional decision process. Sometimes, new choices arise from merely disrupting the established chain of events.

What if you added a worse choice to compare with?
Think about making a good option look even better by putting a worse one next to it.

What if you made the person commit in advance?
Think about ways to encourage people to book something ahead of time. Like pre-ordering a product or buying a voucher.

What if you gave people more time to think through their choices?
Think about creating a relaxed experience, in contrast to today's fast pace.

What if you got people in the right mindset beforehand?
Think about predisposing the person to a certain feeling or thought. Pick the feeling you want them to experience and use design to your advantage.

What if you offered some sort of guarantee?
Think about reducing people's doubts and fears by proving you'll be there if anything bad happens.

What if you gave something away?
Think about a small treat or gift. Don't wait for Christmas.

What if you enhanced the beginning and the end of an experience?
Think about making a strong first impression and a memorable finale. Those are the moments that everyone remembers most.

What if you previewed the outcome?
Think about avoiding unwanted surprises or enticing success. Some people prefer to know in advance before taking action.

What if you made the experience feel high end?
Think about making the experience more luxurious and aspirational through design, context or features.

What if you showed other people's choices?
Think about using what other people chose or did to help someone make a decision.

What if you let people know how they are doing?
Think about giving positive feedback on desired behaviour, so people can adjust their actions and get motivated.

What if you gave a tangible example?
Think about clearing up doubts by providing a real-life example. One that explains exactly what you want to convey.

What if you offered the option to upgrade later?
Think about starting small and giving the chance to improve the experience later on. It removes the pressure of having to decide there and then.

What if you set an expiry date?
Think about reminding your customers when it's time to renew the product or service. Like "Tontine", a bedding brand that puts a 'best before date' stamp on its pillows as if they were food or medicine.

What if you altered the context?
Think about reframing your subject in a surprising or contrasting way. The simple act of presenting the exact same thing in a different situation can help people see it in a different light.

What if you helped people justify their decisions?
Think about giving them the reasons they want to hear. When we are able to articulate our thoughts, it makes us feel better about our choices.

What if you only gave a few simple alternatives?
Think about reducing the number of options available or simplifying the steps to be taken. Complex choices are stressful.

What if you built upon an existing routine?
Think about riding on the wave of existing habits. Don't try to create new rituals, make the most of existing ones instead.

What if people could have fun with the experience?
Think about the joy of playing. Add some fun to it.

What if you created some sense of urgency?
Think about dramatising the need to act now. Apply time pressure. Make it a matter of now or never.

What if you highlighted the emotional benefits?
Think about the intangible advantages. Health, love and happiness could be much more important than cold facts.

What if you let people experience it?
Think about giving them the chance to do something. Don't just tell or show them. Involve them.

What if you made people feel you're on their side?
Think about making them know you care. Be genuine.

What if you gave people a role to play?
Think about making people active participants. Give them a task or an instruction.

What if you created a collection?
Think about how good it feels to complete a set. Build upon people's interests and have them coming back for more.

What if you set a goal to achieve?
Think about laying down a challenge. It could be something to complete or a record to break.

What if you called it something else?
Think about reframing your idea into something that gets people's attention. Like a sugar-free yoghurt that was renamed as 'Sugar Detox'.

What if you had the person's name on it?
Think about personalising the experience. Surprise your customers by calling them by their names. Appeal to their vanity.

What if you could convey some sense of ownership?
Think about making the users feel they own the product already. Let them picture themselves with it.

What if you shared real stories?
Think about testimonials. People love to hear what others experienced in similar situations.

What if you added something truly memorable?
Think about enhancing the experience by making something happen that people will definitely remember.

What if you made it more exciting?
Think about adding positive emotions to the decision process. Make it more fun and lighthearted.

What if you used experts?
Think about using respected professionals or authorities to boost credibility.

What if you used peer pressure?
Think about using the person's community to help with a decision. Friends, colleagues and family are often of great influence.

What if you appealed to the common good?
Think about highlighting why the choice will make a certain community -or the world- better.

=== CATEGORY: Graphic ===
What if everything was structured?
Think about using rigid grids. Use your best rational mind.

What if you simplified the design to the minimum?
Think about using only the most essential elements. Illustrate your idea in the most uncomplicated composition.

What if you mixed different techniques?
Think about combining media or styles. Use the computer and analogue tools, design and illustration.

What if you involved other visual artists?
Think about including others in the process. Illustrators, photographers, and designers. Don't do it alone.

What if you used a visual metaphor?
Think about generating graphics with double meaning, for example, a rose that has a heart instead of a flower.

What if size mattered?
Think about playing with the size of your elements. Scale up or down.

What if you made it lo-fi?
Think about pixels or very low-quality technology and materials.

What if you went the opposite direction people expect you to go?
Think about surprising your client, audience, or yourself with a risky proposition.

What if you used primary shapes only?
Think about triangles, dots, circles, squares, and lines. Express everything with just these elements.

What if you added movement?
Think about giving it the feeling that it is moving. Blurry it; give it flow.

What if it were all about the concept?
Think about making a pure graphic translation of the concept. Make it intellectual.

What if you made it exactly as your client would want it?
Think about being obedient. Make something exciting with what people want you to do. At least this time.

What if you added a sensorial element?
Think about adding textures, emotions or even simulate a smell.

What if you allowed it to be ugly?
Think about beauty from a different perspective. Not everything has to be perfect.

What if the visual was very sincere?
Think about a book that only says "book" on its cover. Represent things as they are.

What if you made it raw?
Think about not overcooking your design. Make it hard and rough.

What if it was about dumb fun?
Think about allowing yourself just to enjoy. Include random elements and make it stupid. Go and explore freely.

What if you used rhythm?
Think about using music as a reference. Create a composition that reminds you of a song. Place the beats, create repetitions.

What if you enjoyed the process?
Think about enjoying making it. Try something you always wanted to test.

What if you couldn't use the computer?
Think about how would you solve your project without using any software.

What if you mixed it all?
Think about combining everything. Create chaos with it.

What if it was a character?
Think about giving it the look of a person or a cartoon. Create a mascot, a face, or an emoji.

What if you flipped the composition?
Think about turning it 180 degrees. Put it upside down.

What if colour came first?
Think about deciding on the visual tone first. When you have that, start imagining type, shapes, and composition. Use it as the starting point.

What if the elements didn't have anything to do with each other?
Think about creating some tension through contrast, such as when you place a neon colour spot on top of a black and white photo.

What if the design wasn't complete?
Think about letting the viewer complete the shape by him/herself. Hide some parts.

What if the design was invisible?
Think about making the visual part not noticeable. Blend it with the format so you can't almost see it.

What if you only used the margins?
Think about moving the focus from the center of your format.

What if things added up to make something bigger?
Think about creating complex compositions with small elements. Combine small components that make a whole.

What if you broke the format?
Think about having no respect for the format you are using. Break the rules.

What if you used high contrast?
Think about combining thin and wide, tall and short, bright and dark.

What if all the elements overlapped?
Think about overprint. Let the components step on top of others. Create surprising combinations.

What if you used repetition?
Think about series. Copy and paste the same pattern/elements throughout the whole format.

What if you did not keep the sense of proportion?
Think about weird shape and proportions. Forget about the golden ratio.

What if the elements went in all directions?
Think about an explosion. Use total freedom of movement. Let the elements play around the format.

What if it had no end?
Think about infinite graphics that never end. Create the feeling that your design is endless.

What if you attracted the attention to one central element?
Think about having something as your main visual thing. It will always catch the attention of the viewer.

What if you referenced an iconic art piece?
Think about making a tribute to a famous picture, painting, or design. Recreate it in a different way.

What if you used only words?
Think about using just typography.

What if you went back to the essence?
Think about stripping down your idea to the bones. Skip any unnecessary layer. Sometimes it's all about making something simple.

What if it grew?
Think about a design that evolves like living cells.

What if you used the whole space?
Think about leaving no space blank. Use every inch of the format.

What if you played with depth?
Think about using 3D, having different depth layers, and faking visual distances.

What if you used the minimum space?
Think about limiting yourself to using just a tiny part of the format.

What if you designed it as if it was a different format?
Think about making it look different, like a website that looks like a book or a book that looks like an app.

What if you divide the format into multiple pieces?
Think about a design that jumps from one piece to the other, like a poster made out of many posters.

What if you restricted the use of colour?
Think about using less, maybe just one, or a maximum of two.

What if it was broken?
Think about imperfection. Scratch it, make it explode, or deteriorate it.

What if you could only see the outline?
Think about not having any fill.

What if you created a visual trick?
Think about pop-art. Make illusions with your design.

What if you chose colour randomly?
Think about confusing colours. Make a surprising and non-logical combination. Like a purple sun, or a pink dog.

What if you deliberately tried to confuse the viewer?
Think about creating a weird feeling. Make people look twice before they understand what they are seeing.

What if everything was flat?
Think about using vector only, like Google illustrations and design-no effects or shades.

What if you made it realistic?
Think about the real thing. Don't simplify the images and illustrations. Make it as credible as possible.

What if you made your elements out of other elements?
Think about creating shapes that are a sum of other forms. For example, a letter A made up of several tiny A's.

What if you aimed for pleasant feelings?
Think about making something sweet and beautiful. There is enough chaos out there.

What if it was blurry?
Think about fog and mist. Show everything through a distorted glass.

What if you made it look old?
Think about creating a sense of nostalgia. Use retro aesthetics.

What if you made it institutional?
Think about using a bureaucratic aesthetic. Everything has to be strict, formal, and plain.

What if it was timeless?
Think about trying to pause time with your design. Make it calm, quiet, and soft.

=== CATEGORY: Human-Centric ===
What if the idea brought people together?
Think about how the solution could connect people, make them talk, share and enjoy together.

What if the idea helped people learn something?
Think about a useful and educational solution. Give your audience new wisdom.

What if the idea reduced the amount of options for people?
Think about giving less options instead of more. Reduce the stress of choosing. Make it extremely simple.

What if the idea was only suitable for one person?
Think about how you would target only one person in the world.

What if the idea helped people self-develop?
Think about solutions that could help your audience develop in every aspect of their lives. From health, to habits, to relationships with others.

What if your audience had very little time to focus?
Think about how to get the best out of their short attention span. Make the idea fast and effective.

What if the idea had to be useful?
Think about what your target audience's needs are. Think how your solution could address those needs.

What if the idea made people happy?
Think about how you could increase people's level of happiness. Help create a better world.

What if you gave people power to decide?
Think about how your audience could get responsibility on your project. Maybe they could make the big decisions. Or maybe they could have full control.

What if the idea made people feel loved?
Think about a solution that would spread the love among your users. Make them feel special and included.

What if the idea helped people express their emotions?
Think about creating ways for people to express when they feel sad, happy or worried.

What if the idea helped people explore the world?
Think about ways of showing other places and perspectives. Satisfy people's curiosity.

What if the idea made people feel safe?
Think about creating a safer environment for people.

What if the idea promoted culture?
Think about ways of using music, arts, literature and theatre in your solution.

What if you created a community?
Think about how a club or community can help you solve your problem.

What if you helped people achieve their dreams?
Think about your audience's dreams and give them tools and/or hope to achieve them.

What if you helped people find a safe space?
Think about ways of making your audience feel supported, respected and loved.

What if the idea relaxed people?
Think about giving people a break from the stress of modern life.

What if the idea let people share?
Think about empowering users to share knowledge, passion and other things they care about.

What if the idea helped people find romance?
Think about connecting people by helping them find meaningful interactions.

What if the idea helped people find their true selves?
Think about ways of empowering self-discovery.

What if the idea made people's lives easier?
Think about solving some of their day to day problems.

What if the idea inspired people?
Think about how people could be left with a sense of hope and amazement.

What if the idea helped people connect with their roots?
Think about letting people re-discover their city's/country's stories, the places where they belong.

What if the idea helped people create?
Think about empowering their creativity and unleashing their alternative thinking.

What if the idea empowered people to initiate?
Think about generating the entrepreneurial spark in people's minds.

What if the idea was fair?
Think about how you would make the solution fair in all senses. From its production to how it treats the audience.

What if the idea was to call someone?
Think about who would that be. Solve the problem by reaching out to someone.

What if the idea gave meaning to people's lives?
Think about how a solution to your problem could also give people an answer to the meaning of life.

What if you could communicate with your target audience?
Think about ways of building an easy communication channel with your target group. Talk and get closer to them.

What if you used the local community?
Think about involving neighbours and local shops. Make it friendly and engaging.

What if the idea supported outsiders?
Think about integrating people from the margins of society. It can be a social idea, something that would make an impact.

What if people could interact with experts?
Think about ways of making it easier to reach experts in your problem's area. Let people talk to them.

What if you celebrated life?
Think about how your idea could pay tribute to the joy of life. Celebrate it. Be thankful for it.

What if the idea focused on small actions?
Think about daily small tasks your audience could do. Not big changes, just the ordinary stuff.

What if the idea used positive memories?
Think about ways of remembering good times. They could be about childhood memories and big events.

What if the idea let people donate?
Think about taking an opportunity to do good with your solution. It could be a side effect, a good extra feature.

What if you connected strangers with each other?
Think about making random connections between people that don't know each other.

What if the idea valued transparency?
Think about making a very honest solution. Make all information available. Be as open as possible.

What if the idea entertained?
Think about offering a good time. It's all about leisure.

What if your idea helped to save money?
Think about making something more efficient. Or just help people manage their money more wisely.

What if the idea helped people express their opinion?
Think about being a platform for people's opinions. Make them feel that someone is listening to them.

What if the idea helped people reflect?
Think about ways of making people think and be more self aware. Feelings, thoughts, learnings.

What if you built consciousness?
Think about making everyone realise the value of things. Teach them about the consequences of their actions.

What if the idea created more free time for people?
Think about helping people manage their agenda better.

What if the idea improved health?
Think about a solution that could benefit your audience's health. It could be giving them tools or information.

What if you helped people make decisions?
Think about easing the process of deciding between options. Provide people with tools to make decisions effortlessly.

What if you gave importance to user benefits?
Think about focusing on just what your audience would want. Economic and corporate goals will come later.

What if the access to information was key?
Think about compiling important content for your audience. Present it in an accessible way.

What if you showed the benefits of living with less?
Think about a simpler life. The less you have, the more free you are. Introduce a better philosophy of life not based on consumption.

What if you emphasised the important things in life?
Think about making fun of common worries that don't matter that much. At the end of the day, it's all about love, friends, family and health.

What if the idea helped people in their lowest moments?
Think about being a support in the bad moments. Give your target group the strength to get through them.

What if the idea reduced unnecessary noise?
Think about bringing some peace and quiet. We are constantly bombed with ads, information and content. Let everyone rest.

What if the idea was about empathy?
Think about using someone else's shoes. Make people feel what others feel.

What if the idea was a way to earn extra money?
Think about creating new ways of revenue for people. It could be pocket money, but hey! money money.

What if the idea only worked with the user's friends?
Think about a solution that uses circles of friends. Use the connection and trust between them to solve your problem.

What if the idea used people's fears?
Think about all the things people worry about. You can use the fears to your advantage, expose or help your audience to overcome them.

What if the idea created order in people's lives?
Think about creating structure, tidying up and making life less chaotic.

What if you made people feel like locals?
Think about helping people integrate better in cities. Give them advice about real experiences, non-typical places and important local information.

What if you made people feel unique?
Think about making people feel like they are the one and only.

=== CATEGORY: Innovation ===
What if you used wearables?
Think about different uses of the Apple Watch, Android Gear and similar devices that people wear on their bodies.

What if the solution was only a tap away?
Think about how you could make the process super easy. Make things happen with just one click/tap.

What if you used a chat bot?
Think about simple artificial intelligence robots that work on chats like Messenger and Telegram that converse as if they were human.

What if the idea reacted to news happening in real-time?
Think about spotting what's happening in the world at this exact moment and how your idea could immediately react to it. Events, news, topics... be fast and use the news to your advantage.

What if you used virtual reality?
Think about immersing your audience into a different reality. Virtual reality is commonly used with VR glasses and Oculus Rift.

What if you created a 360 video?
Think about videos where you can move the camera around and see the complete scene.

What if you used live video?
Think about streaming video in real time. Interact with your audience live. You can use services like Periscope, Facebook Live and YouNow.

What if you created a super personalised idea for every user?
Think about how you could make the solution unique for every user.

What if you used 3D printing?
Think about this technology which allows us to print objects with volume. It makes the process of creating an object easier and quicker.

What if you used disappearing messages?
Think about messages that have a short life span and can fade out after some minutes, hours or days. Snapchat style.

What if you used sensors?
Think about small pieces of technology that can measure factors like movement, speed and heat.

What if you used crowd sourcing?
Think about making your target group contribute to the solution. Use the community wisdom. They could even work out the solution for you.

What if you used gamification mechanisms?
Think about how games could help you solve the problem. Rewards and competition.

What if you used smart objects?
Think about physical elements that can connect to the internet. Reflect on what use they could have.

What if you used drones?
Think about how you could use small flying objects for your solution. You could film different perspectives and deliver packages at difficult locations.

What if you used 3D scanning?
Think about how getting a 3D picture of objects could help you solve the problem. You can recreate digital objects with it, replicate them and build exact copies.

What if you used the Tinder mechanism?
Think about how Tinder's swiping technique makes it so easy for users. Swipe left for dismiss, right for like. Use a similar approach to your solution.

What if you used the slowness movement?
Think about pausing time and enjoying the process. Instead of getting something as quickly as possible, enjoy the waiting.

What if the idea treated internet addiction?
Think about making people take a break from the internet.

What if the idea was part of the sharing-economy?
Think about making use of someone else's spare possessions. Like Airbnb does with a spare room.

What if you crowdfunded the solution?
Think about how your audience could come together to fund the solution. They could donate money, time, resources, energy, etc.

What if people could subscribe to the idea?
Think about monthly subscriptions like Spotify, Netflix, Dropbox and Headspace.

What if the idea was modular?
Think about replaceable parts. Like a Lego where you can put in pieces and take others away.

What if your users could act totally anonymous?
Think about what kind of solution could help your audience to be anonymous. Don't let them be exposed.

What if the idea updated regularly?
Think about app updates and the idea that everything keeps on improving. Try to include that philosophy in your idea.

What if the idea was easily hackable?
Think about ways your audience could customise the solution by themselves. Let them find new ways of using your idea.

What if your audience was responsible for the distribution of the solution?
Think about your users like ambassadors. Let them spread the message.

What if the idea was an experience?
Think about what kind of experience that could be. Try to focus more on giving a feeling rather than something material.

What if the idea pushed for gender equality?
Think about ideas that would also help reduce the gap between men and women.

What if you used mental health techniques?
Think about meditation, yoga and wellness. Develop a solution to your problem using those trends.

What if you used content curation for your solution?
Think about the massive amount of information we produce every day. Think of ways of filtering the best content.

What if you played with the definition of ownership?
Think about how owning something changed in the past few years. We don't need mp3s, we have Apple Music.

What if you saw age as just a number?
Think about the new meanings of age and how young and old people are defined by their values and philosophy of life, not their age.

What if your idea focused on big cities?
Think about massive metropolitan areas where thousands of people live. All ethnicities, religions and lifestyles.

What if the idea battled the filter-bubble?
Think about how to break the wall that Facebook and Google built between us and the free internet. Give unexpected results to your audience.

What if the idea was sustainable?
Think about how your idea could use less and benefit the planet and society in the long run.

What if you could predict what people want?
Think about anticipating people's desires, tastes and choices. Like Spotify Discovery Weekly does.

What if you got away from the sameness?
Think about how the hipster trend is making everyone look the same. All accounts look the same on Instagram. Be different.

What if the idea came as a surprise?
Think about how campaigns tend to come as a surprise. Artists like Drake and Beyonce release their albums without notice.

What if you used several screens at the same time?
Think about creating a solution that is fluid between a smartphone, a desktop and a tablet.

What if the solution changed every time you used it?
Think about something that could evolve and change over time.

What if you visualised data?
Think about presenting data in a visually appealing way.

What if you showed people the world from another angle?
Think about apps that use the sounds from the surroundings. Interact with reality and show it in a different way.

What if the solution used a freemium feature?
Think about creating a solution that has a simple free version, and then some paid premium features.

What if the idea only happened on social media?
Think about bringing all the action onto social media channels.

What if the idea generated music?
Think about creating melodies and tunes automatically. Generate it in unexpected ways.

What if your idea connected with other services?
Think about making associations with other existing services. Use APIs and combine others' strengths.

What if you built a personal assistant?
Think about digital ways of helping people with automatic tasks.

What if the value lied in minimising the amount of steps?
Think about an idea that works fast. Skip unnecessary steps. Make it light.

What if a robot did the hard work for you?
Think about using technology to make our lives easier. A robot won't complain.

What if the idea helped people understand their city?
Think about showing data or information in a way that is useful to understanding how our cities work. It could be about traffic, shops, services, population, etc.

What if you used reminders?
Think about notifying users about important things.

What if you used face recognition?
Think about using this technology to solve your problem.

What if you used DIY?
Think about letting people do it themselves. An idea they can build in their houses with no extra materials.

What if the idea reacted to the surroundings?
Think about a solution that can interact with things around it. It could change colour, shape, message, etc, depending on what's happening around it.

What if the idea changed with the user's mood?
Think about an idea that depends on how the person is feeling. It will be one solution when the person is angry, and a different one when s/he is happy.

What if the idea was a matchmaking tool?
Think about things you can pair. For example, suggest a perfect recipe for a song. Or an outfit for a moment. The tool could be automated or done by humans.

What if the idea was accessible from everywhere?
Think about making your solution work from all locations. When you leave the house, at your work and when you are travelling.

What if the idea gave in-depth knowledge?
Think about providing substantial information about a topic. No superficial or short pieces, but very thoughtful and contrasted content.

What if the idea offered online comparisons?
Think about showing differences between options (services, products...). Provide the users with the right information to help them make their decisions.

=== CATEGORY: Naming ===
What if your naming strategy was the opposite of your competitors'?
Think about looking to differentiate yourself from the rest. Go emotional if they tend to use cold and rational names.

What if you used one of your company values?
Think about using your beliefs to name the project. There's no better way of being transparent with your audience.

What if you used a classical word?
Think about using a term from Latin or any other classical language. Look for something meaningful.

What if you gave it a person's name?
Think about giving it a human feeling. Give it a human name.

What if your name was an action?
Think about giving a dynamic feel to your name. Include the activity in it. Like "We Work", the co-working space chain.

What if you combined two related terms?
Think about creating a new word with two elements that go well together. Use elements that make sense with your brand.

What if it was a sound?
Think about onomatopoeias. It could be a shout of joy, like "Yahoo!" or any other sound related to your project.

What if you create an acronym?
Think about condensing your message into a set of letters. Like "IBM", which stands for "International Business Machines".

What if it gave a pleasant feeling?
Think about using words which have a gentle sound. Try to pronounce it. It should make you feel calm and warm.

What if it was a compliment?
Think about using positivity. Call it "Handsome" or "clever". Choose one that says something nice about your project or your target audience.

What if it didn't make sense within its context?
Think about giving it a random touch. It will help your brand stand out from the rest. "Virgin" is certainly a distinctive name within the company's sector.

What if it was unpronounceable?
Think about using complexity to your advantage. Ironically, it could help people remember you. That's what "Schweppes" probably thought.

What if it had symmetry?
Think about using a name that you can read in different directions. Oysho uses this tactic, as you can still read the same word if you flip it horizontally.

What if it sounded like a whisper?
Think about adding some mystery. A name you instinctively read in small caps in a low voice.

What if you gave new meaning to a word?
Think about taking an ordinary word and placing it in a context that gives it a new connotation.

What if it was a sentence?
Think about using a short sentence instead of just one or a few words. Make it descriptive and related to your project. For example, the fashion brand "& Other Stories" used this tactic.

What if it had rhythm?
Think about using phonemes that give the name some cadence. Like "Big Black Book".

What if it had one letter missing?
Think about using a common word and taking away one of its letters. That way, you can personalise it and make it yours. Like the ticketing company "TKTS" did.

What if it had to do with the project's origins?
Think about a name that has to do with the roots and story of your project. "IKEA" is an acronym that includes the name of the founder and the farm where he grew up.

What if it had to do with nature?
Think about taking inspiration from the names of animals, plants or rivers. Make it ooze freedom. Like Patagonia did.

What if it told people about your process?
Think about saying how you do things with your name. It could be like naming a burger joint "Slow cooked".

What if it talked about the future?
Think about painting a futuristic scenario with your name. It could be positive or negative, but something your brand believes in.

What if it was a foreign word?
Think about the feeling associated with other languages and choose one that goes with your values. That's probably why all perfumes use French words.

What if it was a repetition?
Think about using the same word more than once. We like the indie band's name "!!!" (read "Check Check Check"). It almost gets you dancing by just saying their name out loud.

What if it was a technical word?
Think about getting inspiration from science or engineering. It could give your project a very hi-tech and robust feeling.

What if you created a new term?
Think about using a new word for your project and make it a reference in your industry. I wonder who started the term "eyewear".

What if the name was the benefit?
Think about using the expected result of using your product/service as its name. I bet there are food and gym chains called "Feel Good".

What if it was an emotion?
Think about using a feeling associated with your project.

What if you made it very direct?
Think about SEO and market positioning. If you are first in the industry, you can use the most generic word for it, putting you at the top of the list.

What if you turned a word into a verb?
Think about changing a noun into an action. For example, you could use "chairing" for a furniture company name. Ok, maybe not the greatest name, but you know what I mean.

What if you used a common expression?
Think about appropriating an everyday expression. Things like "Welcome Home", or "Pleased To Meet You" could work nicely for a hotel brand.

What if it was slang?
Think about using a trendy term used by youngsters. Although you'd best look up all its different meanings in Urban Dictionary. You don't want to misuse a term.

What if it had a strong voice?
Think about being bold and aggressive. Don't be afraid to be seen. Use caps. Take as much space as you want.

What if it was an old-fashioned word?
Think about a word or term that it's not used so much anymore. It could be the name of an object or a historic site.

What if you used an object?
Think about finding an item that sums up your project's values or attributes.

What if it was a number?
Think about using a significant date or piece of data. It could be the year your project was founded or the percentage of a certain material it uses.

What if it had a double meaning?
Think about adding a hidden message. It could be a word that has two different meanings depending on the context.

What if it made reference to something sacred?
Think about using the name of a god or goddess. Use the word for a religious item or ritual. "Nike" is the Greek goddess that represents victory.

What if it was extremely long?
Think about extending the length of a word or using a lengthy sentence.

What if you used the most common term in the sector?
Think about referencing something your audience understands completely. Take advantage of that familiarity.

What if it were two opposite words?
Think about creating a seemingly incongruous contrast by pairing two supposedly opposite terms. Imagine a vegetarian fast food chain called "Greasy veggie".

What if it was confusing?
Think about using the name to play mental tricks on people. Use a word that hides information.

What if it was a question?
Think about asking something suggestive that makes your audience wonder. It's not the most common naming strategy, but brands like "Guess?" use it.

What if it was an affirmation?
Think about giving a sense of being self-assured. Like Obama did with his famous tagline "Yes, We Can".

What if it declared your true intentions?
Think about being brutally honest with your name. Say what you want to achieve with it. Like the NGO "Save The Children".

What if it was a system?
Think about creating a structure around your name. Like Apple's done with its products, they always have the "i" before the name of the object they produce; iPhone, iPad, iCloud ...

What if it was a greeting?
Think about giving your brand a welcoming and friendly feel. I'm thinking of starting a cat cartoon character brand called "Hello Kitty". I think it sounds cute. Oh, wait! It's already taken.

What if you named it after your target audience?
Think about making a direct reference to your main target group. It would be like opening a new restaurant called "For Foodies".

What if it was an inside joke?
Think about creating a connection with your audience through an in-joke only they will understand. You could make fun about a common enemy or refer to a well-known problem in the industry.

What if it contained a language mistake?
Think about misspelling a word on purpose. Don't let a bit of dyslexia get in the way of a good name.

What if it was very abstract?
Think about going conceptual and vague. Create an air of mystery.

What if it was foul-mouthed?
Think about overlooking politeness. This is your chance to be rude.

What if it was a headline?
Think about giving it a journalistic feeling. Imagine you have to sum up your project in a very short paragraph.

What if it was a riddle?
Think about partly describing your product/service as if your audience had to guess what it is.

What if it had a punchy feel to it?
Think about using a short and catchy sentence that will stick in people's minds.

What if it was a cultural reference?
Think about using pop songs, famous works of art or TV shows. Connect with your audience by referencing something they're into.

What if you made a character?
Think about making your project feel like a person or a mascot. Like an Apple repair shop called "Doctor Apple".

What if it expressed what you want to be?
Think about using your name to describe your goals. It's kind of what Greenpeace has tried to achieve with its brand.

What if it sounded corporate?
Think about making it sound businesslike.

What if you gave it a family name?
Think about using a surname for your brand. It gives the sense of a family business and adds an element of storytelling. Like McDonald's did.

=== CATEGORY: Planet-Centric ===
What if you used organic sources only?
Think about using only biodegradable and recyclable parts for your project.

What if you kept everything local?
Think about decreasing Co2 emissions by using resources close to you. It doesn't just apply to materials, but also to human resources.

What if the idea had upgradeable parts?
Think about something that can be upgraded or repaired by parts. Instead of having to buy a new product, users could just acquire the parts they want to replace.

What if something good happened every time people use your idea?
Think about giving your idea a positive secondary use. Like a tree being planted each time someone uses an internet browser.

What if your consumers were your stakeholders?
Think about giving your users an essential role in your company. Include them in the decision-making process and keep them updated on the development of an idea.

What if you explained how to dispose of the waste?
Think about making clear instructions on how to recycle the used parts.

What if you never stopped owning the product?
Think about renting your idea instead of selling it. Users could return it when they're done, and you can give it a second use.

What if you showed the ecological cost of your idea?
Think about being honest about what it would cost the planet to bring your idea to fruition. It could be a good way of making people conscious of the process.

What if you made it as raw as possible?
Think about reducing unnecessary materials and processes. Do more with less. You'll save money, and the planet will be happier.

What if it had to last forever?
Think about longevity. Don't make things that deteriorate fast. Definitely don't plan for obsolescence.

What if it was supported by a manifesto?
Think about putting your values down in words. Write an honest piece that describes what kind of beliefs your project supports.

What if it could be shared by a group of people?
Think about creating something that friends or colleagues could share instead of having to buy individually.

What if you contributed to environmental causes?
Think about compensating for the amount of Co2 and waste we humans produce. Even if it's not your fault, make a contribution to the common cause.

What if you produced only the necessary?
Think about changing your process to produce only the exact number of copies you need. Run surveys before launching. Create on demand. Don't produce large numbers just because it's cheaper.

What if it contributed to a better future?
Think about the consequences of your actions. Create something that will help create the society and world you want to live in.

What if you opened it to crowdsourced solutions?
Think about letting people propose their own ideas to make your project greener and sustainable.

What if you gamified the recycling process?
Think about giving points or rewards to your users or employees for taking responsibility for recycling correctly.

What if it made people feel better with themselves?
Think about creating a healthier relationship with consumers. Take decisions that will contribute to people's happiness.

What if you made your information public?
Think about being transparent. Let people know about your finances, investment sources, philosophy and future plans.

What if you cut emissions to the minimum?
Think about ways of reducing your CO2 emissions. Grow locally, ship from nearby locations and use clean energy.

What if it got better every time you used it?
Think about inverting the rules. Try making something that gets better with time.

What if it played a role in an ecosystem?
Think about making your idea compatible with other systems and brands. Don't create closed circles that make people dependent.

What if ethics came first?
Think about creating a company where moral values are essential. Let those values guide your decisions.

What if it showed people the positive consequences of their choices?
Think about helping people see the effects of their actions. Try to focus on the positive, but you could point out some of the negative effects.

What if it connected with nature?
Think about a way of making a direct connection with the planet. Link your idea with nature.

What if you encouraged people to share?
Think about promoting a different kind of consumption. Ask people to participate in decisions together.

What if it promoted a more conscious way of consuming?
Think about helping to reduce people's need to keep buying more.

What if the idea supported an environmental organisation?
Think about giving part of your profits or time to a green NGO. Don't do it to avoid the responsibility of your actions, but as an act of generosity.

What if you prevented most common problems?
Think about planning for potential errors and failures. Design your idea so it won't break from standard use.

What if people could repair it themselves?
Think about adding kits or instructions for letting people fix their own stuff.

What if your manufacturers were part of the business?
Think about having a close relationship with your manufacturers. Maybe they could be part of the business and even be given shares.

What if it could be used by several generations?
Think about creating things that can be passed down from parents to children. Or from one friend to the other.

What if it had no packaging?
Think about offering it as naked as possible. Putting things inside boxes and plastic wrapping is not always necessary.

What if you asked for something other than money?
Think about asking more than just money from people. Get them involved with sustainability-related activities, or ask them to do something for the planet.

What if the idea made a statement?
Think about turning your idea into a declaration in itself. Pick an issue and wear it as a flag in everything you do.

What if the idea focused on the long-term?
Think about designing with a vision in mind. Don't get distracted by short-term problems. Think bigger.

What if it responded to a clear need?
Think about meeting the needs of people. Don't just make to sell.

What if the idea could repair itself?
Think about designing it so it could.

What if you gave some parts a second life?
Think about taking responsibility for your waste. Don't leave that to your users.

What if it benefited everyone involved?
Think about creating good living standards for everyone you employ or that works on the project. And not just in terms of money, but also considering people's mental and physical health.

What if the idea educated people?
Think about giving people facts and information concerning sustainability. Your idea could help people realise how important it is.

What if it got people on the same page?
Think about promoting dialogue and peaceful behaviour. Society is divided enough as it is.

What if it was designed with future developments in mind?
Think about future updates and discoveries you could launch in the mid-term. Make sure your idea is produced with that in mind, so it doesn't quickly become obsolete.

What if it didn't harm any living thing?
Think about respecting all animals, plants and humans. Keep the bigger picture in mind.

What if it reduced people's anxieties?
Think about how advertising companies and brands take advantage of people who suffer from stress. They do this to sell more and get people hooked on things they don't really need.

What if it created value for local communities?
Think about a way you could involve the people around you. Give them a role in the project.

What if it made people think twice before they act?
Think about the way we buy and consume. Stop the rush and give people a break.

What if it was super efficient?
Think about every possible way of standardising your idea. For example, if it's a physical product you need to ship, use measurements that make the most of every shipping crate.

What if you controlled the whole process?
Think about acknowledging every single part of your production process. Don't leave things to third-party players who won't guarantee fair practices.

What if you avoid one-use only?
Think about making your idea durable.

What if it celebrated local heritage?
Think about how globalisation is erasing differences between cultures, resulting in a loss of local identity and wisdom.

What if the power came from the people?
Think about giving your users a real voice in the project. Facilitate shared decision-making and group benefits.

What if it was based on an existing ecological problem?
Think about contributing to cleaning up ecological disasters with a solution. Like shoes that are made of recycled plastic bottles found in the sea.

What if it was an alternative to the industry?
Think about making your own standards instead of following everyone else. For example, if you are in the fashion industry, don't release new collections every season.

What if it was inspired by nature?
Think about how nature solves a lot of existing problems. It can teach you how to keep things warm or even how fungi reproduce.

What if you offered life-long support?
Think about having a repairing process as part of your idea. Let people know you'll always take care of the product.

What if it had a universal version?
Think about being as accessible as possible. Sustainable brands usually seem premium and exclusive. Change that perception and make your production more readily available to a mainstream audience.

What if you took care of the recycling process?
Think about a system where only you could recycle what you produce. Create an easy way to return your products.

What if you're open about your production processes?
Think about being 100% transparent with your processes and production. Don't hide important information about your project.

What if the planet came first?
Think about adapting your project to a Planet-first policy. Don't do anything that could be harmful to the environment.

=== CATEGORY: Serendipity ===
What if you used memes?
Think about images that spread throughout the internet like a virus. Fun characters with absurd quotes that make the internet so random.

What if the idea could change the weather?
Think about how the solution could manage the natural forces and how that would affect your users.

What if magic existed?
Think about it. It would be nice, right?

What if the idea disappeared after some time?
Think about a solution with a short life-span. It appears and disappears as if it never existed.

What if the solution was a secret?
Think about a solution that people would need to discover. Hidden somewhere, not obvious.

What if you had to use someone famous?
Think about a very well-known person. Choose one that could help you solve your problem.

What if you took inspiration from something retro?
Think about simpler times.

What if you made people aware about our insignificance in the universe?
Think about things that make us feel small and insignificant.

What if you used mistakes in your favour?
Think about mistakes in a positive way. Imperfection, errors and misleadings. Use them to your benefit.

What if people could swap their lives with each other?
Think about how it would be for people to experience life from someone else's perspective.

What if you could clone people?
Think about replicating people. But please, not Kanye West. The world is not big enough for two Kanye West egos.

What if you created a new religion?
Think about using symbols, faith or even your own Bible. Create a movement.

What if you did a very sci-fi solution?
Think about a far far future. Maybe even with aliens.

What if the idea took place while people were sleeping?
Think about how to solve the problem during the night, without people worrying about it at all.

What if you used surrealism?
Think about turning your idea into a dream. Something that doesn't make a lot of sense. Create new worlds.

What if you created a tv show?
Think about producing a series for your idea.

What if the idea turned your users into superheroes?
Think about making your target group feel like they have super powers. Make them feel invincible.

What if the idea made some people hate you?
Think about an idea that annoys people. It has to be radical. It has to make a big statement.

What if you created a new language?
Think about codes and ways of expressing things that are unique to your problem. It doesn't have to be a spoken language, it could also be graphic or made out of sounds.

What if you solved your problem with a party?
Think about the kind of party it would be and who would get invited.

What if you made art with your problem?
Think about ways of generating something beautiful or intriguing. Maybe it's a new kind of art.

What if you played with the concept of time?
Think about representing minutes, hours and years in a new way. Play with the feeling of time passing by.

What if you built a simulation?
Think about creating a representation of reality. Like Second Life, but related to your problem.

What if the idea was a diary?
Think about saving what people do daily. Maybe they could share some places they visited or photos they took.

What if the idea was a protest against something?
Think about making a statement against an issue. Use it like a demonstration.

What if you created a map?
Think about putting points on a map. Show things that happen or are located in a specific area.

What if you leaked important information?
Think about revealing secrets. WikiLeaks style.

What if you pranked someone?
Think about making a joke. Fool people and make them feel silly.

What if the idea was about finding the perfect moment?
Think about how difficult it's to find the best time for things: for a photo, travelling, cooking, reading... Help finding those perfect moments.

What if you involved pets?
Think about cute animals!

What if the idea aged with time?
Think about adding the weight of time to your idea. Find ways of showing age.

What if the idea was very poetic?
Think about adding sensibility to your solution. Make it soft and warm.

What if you brought up taboo subjects?
Think about issues people avoid speaking about and which are never in spotlight. Make them the center of the conversation.

What if you showed positive news from around the world?
Think about the amount of negativity we are exposed to every day. Flip it and make your solution about the positiveness.

What if you played with people's senses?
Think about fooling your audience with tricky visual effects, sounds and even smells.

What if the idea reported results?
Think about showing the outcome of actions with data. Like fitness apps that show you how many calories you have been burning.

What if the idea used vending machines?
Think about using spots on the street to distribute the solution. Benefit from the machine's format and exposure to people.

What if you used cameras?
Think about spotting new angles. Find new things by watching from unconventional perspectives.

What if the idea was based on a timeline?
Think about showing events and important milestones on a timeline. It could be past, present or future things.

What if a music playlist could solve your problem?
Think about the power of music. Be creative with playlists. Find a new way of using them.

What if you made it huge?
Think about massive size ideas. A skyscraper idea. Or even bigger.

What if the idea had to do with selfies?
Think about using selfies to your advantage. Smile, say cheese! PS: Selfie stick is optional.

What if the idea was about procrastination?
Think about wasting time. Kittens, gifs, GoT spoilers... We don't need to be productive all the time.

What if the idea was based on commitment?
Think about making loyalty an idea or a goal. Create ways of devoting to it.

What if you could warn about danger?
Think about informing people about bad things before they happen. Act like a personal guard for them.

What if the idea grew bigger every time someone used it?
Think about creating a snowball effect. The more people join your idea, the bigger and more complete it will get.

What if the idea was about giving feedback?
Think about letting people say what they think about an idea, service or product. Let them talk and review.

What if you let people bid?
Think about creating an idea which people can bid on. The idea could be materialistic, an experience, a feeling or anything you can imagine.

What if the idea helped people find their next career move?
Think about supporting and advising people about their future.

What if the idea was infinite?
Think about creating something that never ends.

What if the idea was like Beyonce?
Think about her. She is Queen B.

What if the idea was based on history?
Think about using famous historical events. A lot of times, history keeps repeating itself.

What if the idea only worked in an ideal world?
Think about a perfect scenario. Life is good, pleasant and without problems.

What if the idea was bipolar?
Think about creating a contradicting personality for your idea. It would switch between extremes. It would be unpredictable and unclassifiable.

What if the idea only worked in the present?
Think about relevant things happening at the moment that can connect with your problem.

What if the idea was sexy?
Think about spicing it up. Use your erotic mind to solve the problem. Make it appealing.

What if the idea was impossible?
Think about creating something unrealistic. Make that a positive thing. Or maybe promise people a far-away vision that will blow their minds.

What if there was a part missing?
Think about an incomplete idea. Something that still needs to be figured out. Like an incomplete story.

What if you used filters?
Think about photo filters that make images more beautiful. Or fun filters like Snapchat. Change reality with them.

What if you question reality?
Think about the Matrix. Tell people everything is fake, an illusion. We are only dreaming.

=== CATEGORY: Service Design ===
What if you eliminate all types of waiting?
Think about making the service so efficient that your users never have to spend their time waiting for results.

What if the users enjoyed the loading time?
Think about turning those moments of delay into something pleasant for the user.

What if it impacted the user's well-being?
Think about making the user's life more enjoyable and healthy through your service.

What if the user took advantage of every second?
Think about increasing the productivity of your users while using the service.

What if it automated the process?
Think about creating a service that works as autonomously as possible, with all of its parts connected to each other.

What if you reduced all friction?
Think about designing a service that avoids all possible frustrations that typically happens in other services.

What if it simply did the job?
Think about designing a service so that it simply works. Sometimes you don't need big gestures - just a good operation.

What if you humanise it?
Think about adding a human touch to your service. Although it's technological, make it feel less cold.

What if it only showed up at the right moment?
Think about designing a service that is only available when it is really needed.

What if all of its phases communicated with the same message?
Think about making your service as consistent as possible. Try using the same language, values and philosophy.

What if you used the negative parts to your advantage?
Think about transforming the weak points of your service into strengths. Try making it positive.

What if each point of contact was as minimal as possible?
Think about having to create a service in which each interaction point, concerning an activity or programme, lasts as little as possible.

What if it worked in harmony with its surroundings?
Think about merging your service with its context so that it fits perfectly.

What if you made a special effort for your users?
Think about creating a service that gives its last drop of energy for its users. Design it with a humble mindset.

What if everything was through a single point of contact?
Think about centralising your service around a single person or channel. Don't confuse your users by making them pass through millions of agents.

What if you provided free time for the user?
Think about a service that allows the user with more leisure time and less management.

What if there was no person involved?
Think about designing a service so that no human is involved in it.

What if it was unforgettable?
Think about creating an experience so surprising and satisfying that it represents a milestone in the user's life.

What if you anticipated the problems?
Think about designing a service capable of preventing potential negative points and being able to avoid them.

What if human interaction stands out?
Think about empathy and humanity as key elements in the design of your service.

What if you gave the user an active role?
Think about involving the user in some way in your service. Don't make them a passive element.

What if you connected emotionally with the user?
Think about making your users feel understood. Design the service so they feel that you are listening.

What if it evolved with the user?
Think about creating a flexible service that accompanies and adapts throughout the user's life.

What if it adapted to the user's mood?
Think about a service that changes according to the user's emotions. Show it differently depending on whether the user is angry or cheerful.

What if everyone involved in the service followed a script?
Think about creating protocols that help dictate how to react to each situation.

What if you guessed people's reaction?
Think about a service that anticipates a user's reactions at each moment of interaction.

What if you were faithful to all of your commitments?
Think about designing your service in order to fulfil every promise you make - step by step.

What if you added nice treats?
Think about complimenting your service with small details that sweeten the user's experience.

What if the user did not have to move a finger?
Think about designing a service that works without user interaction and response. They don't have to do anything for the process to take its course.

What if you rewarded the user for their effort?
Think about designing mechanisms to reward user participation throughout the service.

What if you connected different services to each other?
Think about coordinating and making use of existing services.

What if users could choose their own point of contact?
Think about leaving the point of contact to the user's own free will, while using the service.

What if you offered all the information needed to make it understandable?
Think about designing the service with all the manuals and explanations necessary so that the users have all the information they need.

What if you made your users feel unique?
Think about making each of them feel the utmost important user to you. Give it a premium and exclusive tone.

What if it improved when more users use it?
Think about designing your service so that it becomes better whenever more users use the service.

What if you gave each user what they deserve?
Think about creating a service that distributes results fairly, according to the user's attitude, merits or past.

What if it worked for diverse users?
Think about designing your service to be inclusive and not show difficulties for anyone involved.

What if it was not noticeable?
Think about designing a service that works without anyone noticing. Do it as harmless but efficient as possible.

What if it pointed out limitations?
Think about accepting the failures and limitations that your service may have.

What if your service always accepted comments for improvement?
Think about how you would design a service that is always open to collect user recommendations.

What if you gave the user more than they expected?
Think about exceeding your users' expectations by delivering more than they initially expected from the service.

What if you turned the order of experience?
Think about reversing the normal logical order of the service by starting it at the end instead.

What if it only responded to user requests?
Think about designing the service so that it only appears when the user claims it.

What if you recreate a familiar context for the user?
Think about making your users feel safe and in a place, they're familiar with. Use your known memories and contexts.

What if you broke the ice from the first contact?
Think about creating a relaxed atmosphere from the start. Try to break the initial coldness of its first contact.

What if you created a relationship of continuity?
Think about designing a service that has memory and tracking. Let it continue in time.

What if you developed an intimate relationship with the user?
Think about designing your service so that you end up knowing the user, so much that it becomes indispensable for the person.

What if you celebrated entropy?
Think about the chaos. You cannot be 100% in control of everything.

What if you skipped your own rules?
Think about creating a bulletproof and anarchic service, denying to follow the same commands.

What if it was a transformative experience?
Think about designing a service that ends up making the user realise something they did not know of. Give them a realisation of what's happening around them.

What if you shifted your attention to what you can control?
Think about designing a service so that the essential points are your strong moments. Try to hide the nonessential.

What if it was only visible to the user who uses the service?
Think about designing a service that can only be noticed by whoever uses it.

What if you trusted the intention of the user?
Think about designing your service believing that all users have the best of their intentions with the service.

What if you played with your user's perception?
Think about leading the user in ways that suit you best. Play with your expectations and be prepared for their initial mood.

What if you did the dirty work for others?
Think about ridding the user of unpleasant and heavy tasks.

What if it were based on the small details?
Think about building your service through small gestures that define all of the experience.

What if you asked for user cooperation?
Think about making clear the commitments that your user must fulfil in order for the service to work. Make your tasks clear so that everything goes faster.

What if users could solve service failures?
Think about designing your service so that your users can solve their own weak points. Give them the tools to build the best possible service for themselves.

What if it helped the user's emotional stability?
Think about designing an experience that prevents your users' emotional pitfalls. Help them stay stable and calm.

What if it worked in any user location?
Think about designing the service so that it does not depend on the user's location. Have it work even if they're in the Himalayas.

=== CATEGORY: Storytelling ===
What if your story developed in real time?
Think about telling your story as you create it, like live news.

What if your story jumped back and forth in time?
Think about re-structuring the traditional narrative line. Confuse the spectator with a disorganised structure, and have it make sense in the end.

What if the story was about rhythm?
Think about having a strong beat. Use repetition, like in a music video.

What if you divided your story into mini-stories?
Think about distributing your piece in many short ones.

What if the tone evolved during the story?
Think about changing the narrator's voice as the story evolves. Don't make it plain.

What if you reimagined parts of history?
Think about what could have happened if history didn't go the right way. Introduce an alternative reality.

What if you created illusions?
Think about fooling the senses of your audience.

What if space created the main feeling?
Think about choosing the right place for the story you want to tell.

What if you could show people the future?
Think about narrating consequences before they happen. Show the possibilities to your audience.

What if your story challenged beliefs?
Think about changing a common perspective about something.

What if everything in your story was a reference?
Think about replicating a famous tale your audience knows. Use details they will undoubtedly recognise.

What if you could only use found footage?
Think about making a visual collage of other stories. It could be archive photos/videos or even just found material.

What if you challenged the format?
Think about revisiting your story format. Use another medium or channel.

What if someone else told the story?
Think about changing the narrator. Use a third person that isn't involved with the story directly.

What if the "making of" was the main story?
Think about using the behind-the-scenes film as the central piece.

What if you changed the point of view?
Think about narrating it from a different person. Use the first person. Show the story from a new angle.

What if you enhanced the story on different platforms?
Think about combining different channels. Continue the story jumping from platform to platform.

What if you built the story collaboratively?
Think about compiling material from different people. Give them the freedom to express whatever they want.

What if you based it on real stories?
Think about making it documentary style, even if it's a fake one.

What if you treated the story as a recipe?
Think about making it a step-by-step process. Add ingredients as you go.

What if you created a high contrast between the tone of voice and the aesthetic?
Think about using a serious context and narrating it with a funny voice or vice versa.

What if it was a kids' story?
Think about telling it as a fairy tale.

What if you paused time?
Think about Sofia Coppola movies. It feels like nothing happens, but still, you get hooked by enjoying the present moment.

What if you played with senses?
Think about adding sounds and sensorial details.

What if it was an ASMR movie?
Think about those YouTube videos where they record pleasant sounds, like someone folding a paper or using a zip.

What if you put the focus on the small things?
Think about a detail-oriented story. It's about the tiny little things and moments.

What if you created tension?
Think about building expectations and climax. Manage the pace so it feels like something is about to happen.

What if the story happened in someone's head?
Think about getting deep into someone's thoughts.

What if the story was about intimacy?
Think about getting close to someone or a subject. It can be almost too close that it feels private.

What if the story was about escapism?
Think about creating a sense of freedom.

What if you told the story backward?
Think about revealing the end before the beginning.

What if you gave voice to people?
Think about letting others speak. Use your story as a safe space for others.

What if you showed bravery?
Think about turning people into heroes.

What if you showed the other perspective?
Think about showing the least exposed angle of the story.

What if people were in the centre of the story?
Think about making them the centre of attention. Highlight their individuality.

What if you highlighted taboo subjects?
Think about opening an honest debate. Be able to bring up conversations that no one else would.

What if your story was restricted by law?
Think about censorship. Imagine the government didn't let you realise the story.

What if you didn't tell the whole story?
Think about having holes in the story. Hide a character or an essential part of it.

What if you used a different language?
Think about looking outside your language. Don't say "love", say "l'amour".

What if you used metaphors?
Think about referring to something else to make your story more understandable.

What if someone was telling you the story?
Think about yourself as the audience. Imagine how your audience would tell you the story.

What if you changed the genre?
Think about a drastic change in style. It could be rethinking the story as a noir fiction or a romantic novel.

What if you focused on the secondary characters?
Think about shifting the attention to the least significant characters of the story.

What if you broke the format's rules?
Think about making it longer than people expect it to be or bigger than it should be.

What if you couldn't use any dialogue?
Think about making it only visual or using sounds that are not words.

What if your story was about contradictions?
Think about opposites. Create a story that contradicts itself.

What if your story wasn't right within the context?
Think about making the opposite of what you are expected to. Like for example, creating a naive story for adults.

What if you hide messages?
Think about adding subliminal messages into your story.

What if you used subtitles?
Think about adding a caption to your story. It could be a translation or the thoughts of your characters.

What if you turned the whole story into a monologue?
Think about having just one person telling the story in a row.

What if the story had to rhyme?
Think about using poetry or rap.

What if you revisited a classic?
Think about using an old movie as a reference. Imagine your story as Casablanca, for example.

What if you let chaos take over?
Think about craziness.

What if you use something that is challenging to the audience?
Think about making people uncomfortable. Show something controversial.

What if you exaggerated everything?
Think about drama and enormous amounts of emotions.

What if your story was only about questions?
Think about doubting about everything. Use questions marks.

What if the story was a dream?
Think about unreal moments. It could be a good dream or a nightmare.

What if your story was a call?
Think about a conversation.

What if an object narrated your story?
Think about what an animated object would say about your story.

What if the story was untitled?
Think about art pieces that have no name. Leave it blank.
